notes.md, before:

# Notes

#### AI images?

<!-- GATHERING LOGS DELETES THE MESSAGES INCORRECTLY IF BOTH ARE PRESSED -> ADD CONDITION OF IF 4TH CHAR IS S OR W -->

#### Make objects, on button run obecjts with functions

<!-- AFTER COMPLETING FEATURE ONE SORT SCSS EG VARIABLES -->

<!-- Location images dont load accurately -->

# Order of Progress

Elements have smooth entrance onto screen.

Starting screen has description in text box and specialised features to enter the game screen --> Smooth transition to game screen.

Game screen layout must be neat and responsive before content added, and account for changes in content size.

## Screen Styling 

Text has typewriter-esque entrance

Retro look with curved borders

Pixelated theme

## Logic

Screen layout is filled with data from objects

Buttons change the object data, changing the options on screen
-- How to add and remove buttons to the amount necessary

# Features

## Story

A man starts by a fireplace, needing to survive. Give backstory in starting screen.

Mysterious creature broke your home. Stole your dog.

Plan to kill him and fight it back.

## Gathering

Can go to forest and hit trees. Reduces stamina between 1-20 using math.random, same with gathering stone. Each hit wood/collect stone gives u a random amount depending on unit. "if (randomnumber<10) push("wood") into array etc".

## Log

Logs section that explains what youve done. If you get enough items to craft something it will tell you "You can now craft __".

## Minigame 

Minigame to fight monsters.

# Feature Plan

## Base foundation

#### Can go from fireplace to woods 

Can craft Sword, Axe, Torch, Bed. Cook food.

Can hunt, gather wood, gather stone.

Can make Cabin and move to it.

Health Bar

## Feature 1

Cave/Mining.

Can make stronger tools.

Go from cabin or woods to mine.

## Feature 3

Random encounters.

4 Minute days.

## Feature 4

Boss fight

Commit message:

Added start of hunt function

notes.md, after:

# Notes

#### AI images?

#### GATHERING LOGS DELETES THE MESSAGES INCORRECTLY IF BOTH ARE PRESSED -> ADD CONDITION OF IF 4TH CHAR IS S OR W (added invis space to wood so both are of the same length. hence deleting the same amount)

#### Make objects, on button run obecjts with functions

<!-- AFTER COMPLETING FEATURE ONE SORT SCSS EG VARIABLES -->

#### Location images dont load accurately

<!-- 10% chance in travelling finding u a cave. Function thats always called, has variable randomised then if statement -->

<!-- sheep chance 8, deer 4, wolf 3. Wolf chance to just take damage or kill and get wolfs blood. -->

<!-- Fix wool antler chances -->

# Order of Progress

Elements have smooth entrance onto screen.

Starting screen has description in text box and specialised features to enter the game screen --> Smooth transition to game screen.

Game screen layout must be neat and responsive before content added, and account for changes in content size.

## Screen Styling 

Text has typewriter-esque entrance

Retro look with curved borders

Pixelated theme

## Logic

Screen layout is filled with data from objects

Buttons change the object data, changing the options on screen
-- How to add and remove buttons to the amount necessary

# Features

## Story

A man starts by a fireplace, needing to survive. Give backstory in starting screen.

Mysterious creature broke your home. Stole your dog.

Plan to kill him and fight it back.

## Gathering

Can go to forest and hit trees. Reduces stamina between 1-20 using math.random, same with gathering stone. Each hit wood/collect stone gives u a random amount depending on unit. "if (randomnumber<10) push("wood") into array etc".

## Log

Logs section that explains what youve done. If you get enough items to craft something it will tell you "You can now craft __".

## Minigame 

Minigame to fight monsters.

# Feature Plan

## Base foundation

#### Can go from fireplace to woods 

Can craft Sword, Axe, Torch, Bed. Cook food.

Can hunt, gather wood, gather stone.

Can make Cabin and move to it.

Health Bar

## Feature 1

Cave/Mining.

Can make stronger tools.

Go from cabin or woods to mine.

## Feature 3

Random encounters.

4 Minute days.

## Feature 4

Boss fight
